What did you say?
Praise, praise, what happened to Big Joe?
It's a small thing.
I'll go deal with it.
What is this, a cracked bridge?
Do as I say.
How about you do this before?
Strangely, didn't I tell Moon Moon this emergency method?
How did he know?
General Director Jiang looks like something has happened to your company again.
Assessment of Kwak Bridge Project
Do you still think your company s drawings are reliable?
Have you solved it?
It's solved.
All right, I'm going.
I'm just saying a little thing.
Can be solved
You call the whole bridge about to collapse a small thing?
When is it your turn to insult this rubbish?
The method you just proposed can only be used in an emergency.
Then improper handling will lead to the load-bearing structure of the entire bridge continuously deforming.
Eventually, the bridge collapsed.
Only fools continue to deal with problems this way.
If you don't understand, don't say dangerous words.
I don't understand what kind of method he just proposed, it's what I proposed, what do you say?